**<center>COMP9417 Readme</center>**
<center>Our project link is:https://www.kaggle.com/c/leaf-classification/</center>
<center>Yu Zhang:z5243683,   Yi Liu: z5253945,    Yue He: z5243835,    Yining Guo:z5222864</center>

---

 In this readme file, we are going to show you how to run our codes and what files are in our folder.  
 
**All of our programs are using python**    

To run our code, .py files and the two csv files: train.csv and test.csv should be put in the same directory.
  
To run our programs, you need the following packets:
+ numpy 
+ pandas
+ xgboost
+ tensorflow
+ keras
+ matplotlib


Please note that in this project, we train the model on both image and .csv files.
cnn.py uses *Convolutional Neural Network* to work on imgaes, however, the image packages are ***NOT*** contained in our .zip file. If you want to run the cnn.py file, please follow the link and download the image files.

---

You can run all the other python files as you wish as long as all the packets listed above are successfully installed on your computer.   
Each python file can generate a csv file, which can be marked by Kaggle. For more details like the model's accuracy or loss, please take a look at our report.
Some of the python files like randomforest_classifier.py and xgb_classifier.py will run a very lone time before they carry out the result, as they contain some functions to adjust their parameters.

Neural_networks.py takes about 1-2 minutes to run, if you are interested in our codes, we recommand you to try this.

---  

**sunbmission.csv** is our best work, you can upload it to Kaggle and get the score, it's 0.01923. It's generated by neural_networks.py.

The folder named *neural_networks_extral_file* contains some of the extra programs used in Neural_networks, they are mainly used to compare different loss function or other parameters. 
You can see more detials in our report.





